# Moonbeam Communities - YouTube Channel - General Disclaimer
 
All videos made available under the Moonbeam Communities YouTube channel (the “Videos”), including, without limitation, Videos that contain information related to claims, content, designs, algorithms, estimates, roadmaps, specifications, instructions, and performance measurements are provided for informational purposes only. It is up to the viewer to check and validate the accuracy and truthfulness of the Videos. Furthermore, nothing in the Videos shall constitute a solicitation for investment. No developer or entity involved in creating the Moonbeam Network or creating any Videos will be liable for any claims or damages whatsoever associated with your use or inability to use the Videos or any information contained in the Videos, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or loss of profits, cryptocurrencies, tokens, or anything else of value.  All Videos are subject to modification without notice.
 
Certain Videos and information contained therein have been provided by third parties or otherwise reference third-party products and services. This information is made available solely for general informational purposes and does not constitute an endorsement of any third-party product or service. The content creators of this channel do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information contained in the Videos is strictly at your own risk. The channel disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on this information by you or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents. All statements and/or opinions expressed by third parties are solely the responsibility of the person or entity providing those statements or information and do not necessarily represent the opinion of the Moonbeam Communities channel or the Moonbeam Foundation. The information contained in the Videos should not be construed as professional or financial advice of any kind. Advice from a suitably qualified professional should always be sought in relation to any particular matter or circumstance.
 
Certain Videos and information contained therein may link to or integrate with other websites operated or content provided by third parties, and such other websites may link to this website. The Moonbeam Communities channel has no control over any such other websites or their content and will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites or their content. The existence of any such link does not constitute an endorsement of such websites, the content of the websites, or the operators of the websites. These links are being provided to you only as a convenience, and you release and hold the Moonbeam Communities channel and its content creators harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of this information or the information provided by any third-party website or service.
